# Science-Fair-2020
The purpose of this experiment was to be able to determine how much specific factors, such as character choice, length, and variability, have an impact on a password's security. This experiment is relevant to our modern times as passwords are the sole barrier between hackers and our most personal information and assets, meaning that knowing the ways to increase the security of your password is imperative to your ability to safeguard yourself. The researcher’s hypothesis for this experiment was that, “If a password has the criteria of 8 characters, contains capital letters, and is written with assorted symbols and numbers then it will be more secure than other types of passwords,” and was supported by the password guidelines set up by various institutions for their users. The basic structure of the researcher’s experiment was to generate 110 groups of passwords, each with different criteria, then run a series of brute-forcing tools against them using a variety of different wordlists. The researcher then utilized a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) by having it generate better passwords based on the most secure passwords found through brute-forcing. In conclusion, this experiment was carried out successfully and the data gathered from it was orderly and accurate, with the results supporting the researcher’s hypothesis. This experiment has many applications, with the most prominent being in the field of cyber-security. By providing sound results that identify specific factors that make a password more secure, it is possible to make further password-security systems much more resistant to attack.
